# copy-cat-project

[Link to site on github](https://github.com/jianfengl0797/copy-cat-project) <br>
[Link to googleDoc plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jBpsTUQsQMg9LEOIDOIFmgRFs-3YAVUSuszZN1M0UTc/edit)

### My reflection on this project.
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After a week of coding, I finally finished my reserve-engineering copy-cat project. This is a project where I pick a website and reserve engineer to recreate the website using my own knowledge of html and css. I picked the Deltamath website for my project because it looks simple and organized, but also decently challenging because of the spacing of the content. <br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I started the project with creating a googleDocs plan. This was suppose to help guide me through the project, but I didn't use it much since I didn't find it much help. I would rather code with just my notes and the picture, and that's exactly what I did. <br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; During the coding process, I ran into a lot of challenges. The first one that I encountered was creating the Deltamath logo because I couldn't find the picture on google. To overcome this challenge, I decided to snip a picture of the logo from the Deltamath website and somehow move it into the ide. I did some research on how to do that and also on removing the background (since the background wouldn't fit with the rectangle box it'll be in). Basically, I snipped the image, learned how to remove the image's background color on pixlr.com/x, save the picture, upload the local file, and then use the html to input that picture. There were other obstacles like having the wrong spacing between words and html contents, but seeking help from freecodecamp helped a lot. <br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What I learned from this project is organization on projects. Cutting a whole project into pieces and connecting them in the end is very helpful. Having time at the end to check the work is also useful when doing a project. Overall, I find this project slightly challenging, but also a very good practice for putting the html and css that I learned to use. </p>